Add Collection Controller Documentation (#37)
kuzzleio/sdk-csharp: doc/1/controllers/collection/update-specifications/index.md

---
code: true
type: page
title: UpdateSpecificationsAsync
description: Update the validation specifications.
---

# updateSpecifications

> The updateSpecifications method allows you to create or update the validation specifications for one or more index/collection pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates or updates the validation specifications for one or more index/collection pairs.
```

> When the validation specification is not formatted correctly, a detailed error message is returned to help you to debug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the validation specifications are not correctly formatted, a detailed error message is returned to help with debugging.
```

## Arguments

```csharp
public async Task<JObject> UpdateSpecificationsAsync(
        string index,
        string collection,
        JObject specifications);
```

| Argument         | Type               | Description                  |
|------------------|--------------------|------------------------------|
| `index`          | <pre>string</pre>  | Index name                   |
| `collection`     | <pre>string</pre>  | Collection name              |

> | `specifications` | <pre>JObject</pre> | Specification in JSON format |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `specifications` | <pre>JObject</pre> | Specifications in JSON format |
```

### specifications

A JObject representing the specifications.

> The JSON must follow the [Specification Structure](/core/1/guides/cookbooks/datavalidation/schema):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON must follow the [Specifications structure](/core/1/guides/cookbooks/datavalidation/schema):
```

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```js
```

{
  "strict": "true",
  "fields": {
    "licence": {
      "mandatory": true,
      "type": "string"
    }
    // ... specification for each field
  }
}
```

## Return

> A JObject representing the specifications

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A JObject representing the specifications.
```
